.TH ROBOPTIM-RETARGETING 1

.SH NAME

roboptim-retargeting-markers \- optimize marker positions to fit a new actor

.SH SYNOPSIS

.B roboptim\-retarget\-markers\-to\-joints [OPTIONS]
     \-s <MARKER TRAJECTORY>
     \-m <MARKER TRAJECTORY>
     \-M <MORPHING FILE>
     \-r <ROBOT MODEL>
     \-o <OUTPUT FILE>

.SH DESCRIPTION

Convert a marker trajectory into a joint trajectory for a particular
robot. If the actor segment lengths and the robot segment lengths are
notably different, you will have to optimize the segment length first
using the roboptim-retargeting-markers tool.

.SH OPTIONS

.TP 5
\-s, \-\-marker\-set FILE
Marker Set used during Motion Capture (mars file or any other format
supported by libmocap).

.TP 5
\-m, \-\-marker\-trajectory FILE
Marker Trajectories (trc file or any other format supported by
libmocap).

.TP 5
\-o, \-\-output FILE
Output file (file format determined by the extension, should be trc)

.TP 5
\-t, \-\-trajectory TYPE
Trajectory type (discrete or spline). By default discrete.

.TP 5
\-r, \-\-robot-model FILE
Robot description (YAML file as supported by Choreonoid).

.TP 5
\-p, \-\-plugin PLUGING
Solver which should be used: ipopt (open source), cfsqp (proprietary), etc.

.TP 5
\-c, \-\-cost NAME
Which cost function should used? (Laplacian Deformation Energy by default)

.TP 5
\-C, \-\-constraint NAME
Which constraints should be included? (joint-limits is only supported)

.TP 5
\-d, \-\-disable\-joint JOINT
Exclude a joint from the optimization process (needed if for instance
no marker are attached to it). This option can be passed many times.

.TP 5
\-s, \-\-start\-frame N
Only optimize and export the motion from this frame (default is 0).

.TP 5
\-\-length N
After the starting point, cut the trajectory after this number of
frames (default is -1 meaning take into account the whole trajectory).

.TP 5
\-h, \-\-help
Print help message and exit.

.SH EXAMPLES

The software comes with a set of data allowing to run tests easily.
For a short example, please run:

  roboptim\-retarget\-joint\-to\-markers
     \-s data/human.mars			# Markset Set
     \-m /tmp/robot.trc				# Marker Trajectory[1]
     \-M data/human\-to\-hrp4c.morphing.yaml	# Morphing File
     \-r /path/to/hrp4c/HRP4Cg2.yaml		# Robot Model
     \-o /tmp/robot.motion.yaml			# Output trajectory
     \-\-length 10				# Process 10 frames

 [1] Marker Trajectory must already have suitable bone lengths (!)

.SH SEE ALSO

.TP
.B Home Page
https://github.com/thomas\-moulard/roboptim\-retargeting

.SH AUTHOR

Thomas Moulard, based on original Shin'Ichiro Nakaoka's implementation
in Choreonoid.
