.TH ROBOPTIM-RETARGETING 1

.SH NAME

roboptim-retargeting-markers \- optimize marker positions to fit a new actor

.SH SYNOPSIS

.B roboptim\-retarget\-markers [OPTIONS]
     \-s <MARKER TRAJECTORY>
     \-m <MARKER TRAJECTORY>
     \-M <MORPHING FILE>
     \-o <OUTPUT FILE>

.SH DESCRIPTION

Takes a marker trajectory as input and adapt the bone length to fit a
new actor.

See "Spatial Relationship Preserving Character Motion Adaptation" by
E.S.L. Ho, T. Komura, C.\-L. Tai.

.SH OPTIONS

.TP 5
\-s, \-\-marker\-set FILE
Marker Set used during Motion Capture (mars file or any other format
supported by libmocap).

.TP 5
\-m, \-\-marker\-trajectory FILE
Marker Trajectories (trc file or any other format supported by
libmocap).

.TP 5
\-o, \-\-output FILE
Output file (file format determined by the extension, should be trc)

.TP 5
\-t, \-\-trajectory TYPE
Trajectory type (discrete or spline). By default discrete.

.TP 5
\-r, \-\-robot-model FILE
Robot description (YAML file as supported by Choreonoid).

.TP 5
\-p, \-\-plugin PLUGING
Solver which should be used: ipopt (open source), cfsqp (proprietary), etc.

.TP 5
\-c, \-\-cost NAME
Which cost function should used? (Laplacian Deformation Energy by default)

.TP 5
\-C, \-\-constraint NAME
Which constraints should be included? (bone-length is only supported)

.TP 5
\-s, \-\-start\-frame N
Only optimize and export the motion from this frame (default is 0).

.TP 5
\-\-length N
After the starting point, cut the trajectory after this number of
frames (default is -1 meaning take into account the whole trajectory).

.TP 5
\-h, \-\-help
Print help message and exit.

.SH EXAMPLES

The software comes with a set of data allowing to run tests easily.
For a short example, please run:

  roboptim\-retarget\-markers
     \-s data/human.mars			# Marker Set
     \-m data/human.trc				# Marker Trajectory
     \-M data/human\-to\-hrp4c.morphing.yaml    # Morphing File
     \-r /path/to/HRP4C\-release/HRP4Cg2.yaml   # Path to robot YAML
     \-C bone\-length				# Add the constraint
     \-o /tmp/robot.trc				# Output file
     \-\-length 10				# Only 10 frames


.SH SEE ALSO

.TP
.B Home Page
https://github.com/thomas\-moulard/roboptim\-retargeting

.SH AUTHOR

Thomas Moulard, based on original Shin'Ichiro Nakaoka's implementation
in Choreonoid.
