.TH ROBOPTIM-RETARGETING 1

.SH NAME

roboptim-retarget-motion \- reshape motion to adapt it to a new actor

.SH SYNOPSIS

.B roboptim-retarget-motion [OPTIONS] -t TRAJECTORY -r ROBOT

.SH DESCRIPTION

Reshape a motion to adapt it to a new actor with different segment
lengths while preserving initial segments spatial relationships.

This implementation is based on the paper "Spatial Relationship
Preserving Character Motion Adaptation" by E.S.L. Ho, T. Komura,
C.-L. Tai.

.SH OPTIONS

.TP 5
\-t, \-\-trajectory
Motion described as a YAML file.
.TP 5
\-r, \-\-robot
Robot description, providing a mapping from marker name to real segments.
.TP 5
\-s, \-\-solver
Solver which should be used: ipopt (open source) or cfsqp (proprietary).
.TP 5
\-v, \-\-verbosity-level
Set the verbosity level: WARNING, INFO, DEBUG, TRACE.
.TP 5
\-h, \-\-help
Print help message and exit.
.TP 5
\-\-version
Output binary version and exit.

.SH EXAMPLES

The software comes with a set of data allowing to run tests easily.
For a short example, please run:

 roboptim-retarget-motion -t dance_one-frame.yaml -r character-cgvu-hrp4c.yaml

For a longer example:

 roboptim-retarget-motion -t dance_ten-frames.yaml -r character-cgvu-hrp4c.yaml

For the full motion (warning: takes time!):

 roboptim-retarget-motion \
  -t dance_longer-markers.yaml -r character-cgvu-hrp4c.yaml

.SH SEE ALSO

.TP
.B Home Page
https://github.com/thomas-moulard/roboptim-retargeting

.SH AUTHOR

Thomas Moulard, based on original Shin'Ichiro Nakaoka's implementation
in Choreonoid.
