.TH ROBOPTIM-RETARGETING 1

.SH NAME

roboptim\-retargeting\-joints \- optimize joints trajectory

.SH SYNOPSIS

.B roboptim\-retarget\-joints [OPTIONS]
     -j <JOINT TRAJECTORY>
     -o <OUTPUT FILE>
     -r <ROBOT MODEL PATH>

.SH DESCRIPTION

Optimize a joint trajectory to take into account balance and other
robotics related criteria.

.SH OPTIONS

.TP 5
\-j, \-\-joint\-trajectory FILE
Joints Trajectory (YAML file as supported by Choreonoid).

.TP 5
\-o, \-\-output FILE
Joints Optimized Trajectory (YAML file as supported by Choreonoid).

.TP 5
\-t, \-\-trajectory TYPE
Trajectory type (discrete or spline). By default discrete.

.TP 5
\-r, \-\-robot-model FILE
Robot description (YAML file as supported by Choreonoid).

.TP 5
\-p, \-\-plugin PLUGING
Solver which should be used: ipopt (open source), cfsqp (proprietary), etc.

.TP 5
\-c, \-\-cost NAME
Which cost function should used? (Laplacian Deformation Energy by default)

.TP 5
\-C, \-\-constraint NAME
Which constraints should be included?

.TP 5
\-d, \-\-disable\-joint JOINT
Exclude a joint from the optimization process (needed if for instance
no marker are attached to it). This option can be passed many times.

.TP 5
\-h, \-\-help
Print help message and exit.

.SH EXAMPLES

The software comes with a set of data allowing to run tests easily.
For a short example, please run:

  roboptim-retarget-joints
     -j robot.motion.yaml
     -o optimized.motion.yaml
     -r /path/to/robot.yaml


.SH SEE ALSO

.TP
.B Home Page
https://github.com/thomas-moulard/roboptim-retargeting

.SH AUTHOR

Thomas Moulard, based on original Shin'Ichiro Nakaoka's implementation
in Choreonoid.
